We can also publish these DHT 11 sensor
readings to MQTT broker in the cloud.
This will involve running software
at github.com/eighteen Hyphen,
Parkinson Slash, DHT, 11, Hyphen M.
QTT hyphen bridge.
So as before we follow instructions
in the README dot MD file.
To validate connections with the
server and encrypt network traffic,
it is again necessary to
download a certificate.
This is the first series of
steps shown in the README file.
Then again, we download the
Debian Project dependencies
using the app package manager.
Once we have done this,
we are ready to clone the DHT
11 MQTT Bridge source code to
our local optional folder from
the remote code repository.
We then set up and activate
a virtual environment.
Then we can install package dependencies
in Pip Pip three package manager.
And finally we can run the application.
As you can see, there are sensor readings
being printed in the terminal and.
Messages about interactions with
the message broker in the cloud.
Note that these new messages
in the terminal include the Mac
address of your Raspberry Pi.